As a new user, I want to be able to create an account using my email address or log in with an account from a third party application because I want to keep my account information, data, and sync history in record (and using a third party account because it’s convenient). If I successfully create my account, I will receive a confirmation email informing me that I have successfully registered to the application and I can now log in with the account I use. If something goes wrong, then I will be asked to redo from the register or log-in with a third party account step. 

As a logged in user, I want to transfer pre-existing health information from Fitbit to Apple Health, or vice versa. If Fitbit’s health data is pulled as intended , the data will be reflected on Apple Health. If it doesn’t work then there is a gap between my health data in the two apps. Now I have all of my data from my Fitbit transferred to my Apple Health, or vice versa. This helps my in two instances. First, I might want to get rid of one of my device and just want to complete a one-time data transfer. Second, I use both apps simultaneously, but sometimes when I exercise, I only have one device with me. Therefore, I want to do data transfer frequently to keep my data consistent. 

As a logged in user, I want to schedule a specific time to sync my health information so these information can be updated on a regular basis. For every successful sync, I will receive an email notification. If a sync fails, I will also receive a notification regarding the reason for the failure and the user may update the information manually. This feature will be helpful because I won’t have to worry about updating my accounts myself since the information will sync up automatically. 

As a logged in user, I want to see the history of my previous syncs because I want to see what health information from which account I have chosen to sync. If I can successfully view my sync history so I can then decide when to next sync my information and which account I prefer to sync from. If a sync history is not available or complete, I will not be able to accurately track which accounts that I have chosen to sync to.

As a logged in user, I want to be able to remove all of the data connected to my account and delete my account because I do not need the service provided any more. If my account is deleted successfully, I would receive a confirmation email. If not, I would receive an email explaining what went wrong.


